Add Tips for making pull request to CONTRIBUTING.md (#916)
vircadia/vircadia: CONTRIBUTING.md

6. Update your branch
  
  ```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Was this on purpose?

  
  ```

>   git remote add upstream https://github.com/kasenvr/project-athena

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  git remote add upstream https://github.com/vircadia/vircadia
```

  git pull upstream master
  ```
  
  Resolve any conflicts that arise with this step.
  
7. Push to your fork
  
  ```
  git push origin new_branch_name
  ```
8. Submit a pull request

  *You can follow [GitHub's guide](https://help.github.com/articles/creating-a-pull-request) to find out how to create a pull request.*
  
Tips for Pull Requests 
===
To make the QA process go as smoothly as possible.

> 1. Have a basic description in your pull request. 
> 2. Write a basic test plan if added features.
> 3. If added any new api make sure they come with some documentation included.
> 4. If accessing any external service make note of how to get a basic setup for these services or what they are based on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Have a basic description in your pull request. 
2. Write a basic test plan if you are altering or adding features.
3. If a new API is added, try to make sure that some level of basic documentation on how you can utilize it is included.
4. If an added API or feature requires an external service, try to document or link to instructions on how to create a basic working setup.
```

Requesting a Feature
===
1. Search [issues](https://github.com/kasenvr/project-athena/issues) to make sure that somebody has not already requested the same feature. 

> 2. [Add](https://github.com/kasenvr/project-athena/issues/new) your request to the issues list!

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. [Add](https://github.com/vircadia/vircadia/issues/new) your request to the issues list!
```
